what up y'all each why we peeler back in
the house with another epic episode of
let's talk thank you guys very much for
watching making the series X success if
you could drop a like that would be
greatly appreciated getting right into
it today gaming consoles and games what
are your favorite gaming consoles what
are your favorite games for them I'm
going old school because honestly i
swear i came out of my mom with an atari
joystick ready to game used to go to
Grandma's house play pitfall Vanguard
Galaga all that old school it's already
stuff pitfall though I think was my
favorite remember one Christmas coming
downstairs seeing this big old box
wrapped up tearing it open I got the
Nintendo Entertainment System whoa open
the box find the consoles like the box
is like eight times the size of the
console obviously came in super mario
bros and con those were epic games but
double dragon I put a lot of time into
that and Zelda through the gold
cartridge it's like holding the Triforce
in your hand oh yes a little baby love
it got the SNES after that super mario
world I don't care what anybody says
super mario world is one of the best
games ever made it completely revamped
gaming it was huge open world couple
different exits to each level I mean
just an unbelievable game SNES what else
super mario kart bro i I don't know why
I just put a ton of time into super
mario kart one of my favorite games of
all time I think played the kid across
the street all the time in battle mode
and I think to this day I'm undefeated
in streak edge we used to play like 15
games or you know 20 games first one of
20 wins wins and I don't think I ever
lost honestly not bragging but I used to
love super mario kart that's my game
broke that's my game after SNES I got
the n64 the only game I really owned for
that I think was gold and I I used to
rent a lot of games and you know play a
lot of games there but golden I changed
it first person shooter just an absolute
epic game right there after 64 I went to
PlayStation 1 some reason twisted metal
two sticks out awesome game man I used
to love that game played the crap out of
that again with the kid across the
street and what are the game for
playstation want all final fantasy 7
dude come on final fantasy 7 huge huge
game 3 discs completely changed again
gaming at that point unbelievable game
just so many things you could do to
customize your weapons and get different
characters and fight the epic epic
battles and just a great game overall
after ps1 got a ps2 PS
to baskin craft auto 3 hello grand theft
auto 3 completely changed gaming at that
point to absolutely epic open 3d world
you could race in it you could do
missions you can do side missions you
could shoot people I mean just craziness
getting the army tanks at you with the
the freaking m16 mMmmm to that day I
could still hear light people on fire
hahaha awesome game Grand Theft Auto 3
baby after playstation 2 rolled right
into the xbox 360 I don't really have
any favorite games I think I mean
Assassin's Creed when they came out I
mean they're both for you know ps3 and
xbox but Assassin's Creed for some
reason man just changed it for me I love
that game I could still go back and play
the first one awesome second one third
one you know and after that they kind of
get old after a while because the side
missions are all basically the same but
the storyline in the first one just
completely blew me away I was completely
sucked into it until I finished it I
didn't even touch any other game at that
point FIFA series obviously you know you
guys love when I play fifa and i love
playing fifa but it's a different type
of game than you know some of these
other games like Assassin's Creed and
whatnot after xbox 360 I'm hoping to
jump right into something crazy man xbox
720 s who knows what's going to come
into gaming after that but basically I
want to hear what you guys have to say
about gaming what are your favorite
consoles what did you start on what are
your favorite games honestly I mean I
just want to hear about it leaving the
comments section below 1 a mission I
dude age to have a gameboy hello gameboy
it was a big game boy though like the DS
now that came out is like a quarter of
the size of the first game boy i think
was like a brick used to rock Tetris all
the time on that but anyway hope you
guys enjoyed this video hope you guys
enjoy this series I appreciate the love
that you guys give me and off you have
any topics or anything leave in the
comments section below or hit me on
twitter which is a tree peeler all right
guys till next time